---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tidbcloud_cluster_specs Data Source - terraform-provider-tidbcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  cluster_specs data source
---

# tidbcloud_cluster_specs (Data Source)

cluster_specs data source

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    tidbcloud = {
      source = "tidbcloud/tidbcloud"
    }
  }
}

provider "tidbcloud" {
  public_key  = "fake_public_key"
  private_key = "fake_private_key"
}

data "tidbcloud_cluster_specs" "example" {
}

output "output" {
  value = data.tidbcloud_cluster_specs.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) data source ID.
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `total` (Number) the total number of the spec.

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `cloud_provider` (String) Enum: "AWS" "GCP", The cloud provider on which your TiDB cluster is hosted.
- `cluster_type` (String) Enum: "DEDICATED" "DEVELOPER", The cluster type.
- `region` (String) the region value should match the cloud provider's region code.
- `tidb` (Attributes List) The list of TiDB specifications in the region. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tidb))
- `tiflash` (Attributes List) The list of TiFlash specifications in the region. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tiflash))
- `tikv` (Attributes List) The list of TiKV specifications in the region. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tikv))

<a id="nestedatt--items--tidb"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tidb`

Read-Only:

- `node_quantity_range` (Attributes) The range and step of node quantity of the TiDB component in the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tidb--node_quantity_range))
- `node_size` (String) The size of the TiDB component in the cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--items--tidb--node_quantity_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tidb.node_quantity_range`

Read-Only:

- `min` (Number) The minimum node quantity of the component in the cluster.
- `step` (Number) The step of node quantity of the component in the cluster.



<a id="nestedatt--items--tiflash"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tiflash`

Read-Only:

- `node_quantity_range` (Attributes) The range and step of node quantity of the TiFlash component in the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tiflash--node_quantity_range))
- `node_size` (String) The size of the TiFlash component in the cluster.
- `storage_size_gib_range` (Attributes) The storage size range for each node of the TiFlash component in the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tiflash--storage_size_gib_range))

<a id="nestedatt--items--tiflash--node_quantity_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tiflash.node_quantity_range`

Read-Only:

- `min` (Number) The minimum node quantity of the component in the cluster.
- `step` (Number) The step of node quantity of the component in the cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--items--tiflash--storage_size_gib_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tiflash.storage_size_gib_range`

Read-Only:

- `max` (Number) The maximum storage size for each node of the component in the cluster.
- `min` (Number) The minimum storage size for each node of the component in the cluster.



<a id="nestedatt--items--tikv"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tikv`

Read-Only:

- `node_quantity_range` (Attributes) The range and step of node quantity of the TiKV component in the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tikv--node_quantity_range))
- `node_size` (String) The size of the TiKV component in the cluster.
- `storage_size_gib_range` (Attributes) The storage size range for each node of the TiKV component in the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tikv--storage_size_gib_range))

<a id="nestedatt--items--tikv--node_quantity_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tikv.node_quantity_range`

Read-Only:

- `min` (Number) The minimum node quantity of the component in the cluster.
- `step` (Number) The step of node quantity of the component in the cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--items--tikv--storage_size_gib_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tikv.storage_size_gib_range`

Read-Only:

- `max` (Number) The maximum storage size for each node of the component in the cluster.
- `min` (Number) The minimum storage size for each node of the component in the cluster.
