---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tidbcloud_clusters Data Source - terraform-provider-tidbcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  clusters data source
---

# tidbcloud_clusters (Data Source)

clusters data source

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    tidbcloud = {
      source = "tidbcloud/tidbcloud"
    }
  }
}

provider "tidbcloud" {
  public_key  = "fake_public_key"
  private_key = "fake_private_key"
}

data "tidbcloud_clusters" "example" {
  project_id = "fake_id"
}

output "output" {
  value = data.tidbcloud_clusters.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project

### Optional

- `page` (Number) Default:1 The number of pages.
- `page_size` (Number) Default:10 The size of a pages.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) data source ID.
- `items` (Attributes List) The items of clusters in the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `total` (Number) The total number of project clusters.

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `cloud_provider` (String) Enum: "AWS" "GCP", The cloud provider on which your TiDB cluster is hosted.
- `cluster_type` (String) The cluster type.
- `config` (Attributes) The configuration of the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--config))
- `create_timestamp` (String) The creation time of the cluster in Unix timestamp seconds (epoch time).
- `id` (String) The ID of the cluster.
- `name` (String) The name of the cluster.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project.
- `region` (String) Region of the cluster.
- `status` (Attributes) The status of the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.config`

Read-Only:

- `components` (Attributes) The components of the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--config--components))
- `port` (Number) The TiDB port for connection. The port must be in the range of 1024-65535 except 10080, 4000 in default.
  - For a Serverless Tier cluster, only port 4000 is available.

<a id="nestedatt--items--config--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.config.components`

Optional:

- `tiflash` (Attributes) The TiFlash component of the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--config--components--tiflash))

Read-Only:

- `tidb` (Attributes) The TiDB component of the cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--config--components--tidb))
- `tikv` (Attributes) The TiKV component of the cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--config--components--tikv))

<a id="nestedatt--items--config--components--tiflash"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.config.components.tikv`

Read-Only:

- `node_quantity` (Number) The number of nodes in the cluster. You can get the minimum and step of a node quantity from the [tidbcloud_cluster_specs datasource](../data-sources/cluster_specs.md).
  - TiFlash do not support decreasing node quantity.
- `node_size` (String) The size of the TiFlash component in the cluster, You can get the available node size of each region from the [tidbcloud_cluster_specs datasource](../data-sources/cluster_specs.md).
  - Can not modify node_size of an existing cluster.
- `storage_size_gib` (Number) The storage size of a node in the cluster. You can get the minimum and maximum of storage size from the [tidbcloud_cluster_specs datasource](../data-sources/cluster_specs.md).
  - Can not modify storage_size_gib of an existing cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--items--config--components--tidb"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.config.components.tikv`

Read-Only:

- `node_quantity` (Number) The number of nodes in the cluster. You can get the minimum and step of a node quantity from the [tidbcloud_cluster_specs datasource](../data-sources/cluster_specs.md).
- `node_size` (String) The size of the TiDB component in the cluster, You can get the available node size of each region from the [tidbcloud_cluster_specs datasource](../data-sources/cluster_specs.md).
  - If the vCPUs of TiDB or TiKV component is 2 or 4, then their vCPUs need to be the same.
  - If the vCPUs of TiDB or TiKV component is 2 or 4, then the cluster does not support TiFlash.
  - Can not modify node_size of an existing cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--items--config--components--tikv"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.config.components.tikv`

Read-Only:

- `node_quantity` (Number) The number of nodes in the cluster. You can get the minimum and step of a node quantity from the [tidbcloud_cluster_specs datasource](../data-sources/cluster_specs.md).
  - TiKV do not support decreasing node quantity.
  - The node_quantity of TiKV must be a multiple of 3.
- `node_size` (String) The size of the TiKV component in the cluster, You can get the available node size of each region from the [tidbcloud_cluster_specs datasource](../data-sources/cluster_specs.md).
  - If the vCPUs of TiDB or TiKV component is 2 or 4, then their vCPUs need to be the same.
  - If the vCPUs of TiDB or TiKV component is 2 or 4, then the cluster does not support TiFlash.
  - Can not modify node_size of an existing cluster.
- `storage_size_gib` (Number) The storage size of a node in the cluster. You can get the minimum and maximum of storage size from the [tidbcloud_cluster_specs datasource](../data-sources/cluster_specs.md).
  - Can not modify storage_size_gib of an existing cluster.




<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `cluster_status` (String) Status of the cluster.
- `connection_strings` (Attributes) Connection strings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--connection_strings))
- `tidb_version` (String) TiDB version.

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--connection_strings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.connection_strings`

Read-Only:

- `default_user` (String) The default TiDB user for connection.
- `standard` (Attributes) Standard connection string. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--connection_strings--standard))
- `vpc_peering` (Attributes) VPC peering connection string. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--connection_strings--vpc_peering))

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--connection_strings--standard"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.connection_strings.vpc_peering`

Read-Only:

- `host` (String) The host of standard connection.
- `port` (Number) The TiDB port for connection. The port must be in the range of 1024-65535 except 10080.


<a id="nestedatt--items--status--connection_strings--vpc_peering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.connection_strings.vpc_peering`

Read-Only:

- `host` (String) The host of VPC peering connection.
- `port` (Number) The TiDB port for connection. The port must be in the range of 1024-65535 except 10080.


