---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tidbcloud_dedicated_node_groups Data Source - terraform-provider-tidbcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  dedicated node groups data source
---

# tidbcloud_dedicated_node_groups (Data Source)

dedicated node groups data source

## Example Usage

```terraform
variable "cluster_id" {
  type     = string
  nullable = false
}

data "tidbcloud_dedicated_node_groups" "example" {
  cluster_id = var.cluster_id
}

output "output" {
  value = data.tidbcloud_dedicated_node_groups.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the cluster.

### Read-Only

- `node_groups` (Attributes List) The node groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_groups))
- `node_spec_key` (String) The key of the node spec.

<a id="nestedatt--node_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_groups`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the region.
- `endpoints` (List of Object) The endpoints of the node group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_groups--endpoints))
- `is_default_group` (Boolean) Indicates if this is the default group.
- `node_count` (Number) The number of nodes in the node group.
- `node_group_id` (String) The ID of the node group.
- `node_spec_display_name` (String) The display name of the node spec.
- `public_endpoint_setting` (Attributes) Settings for public endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_groups--public_endpoint_setting))
- `state` (String) The state of the node group.
- `tiproxy_setting` (Attributes) Settings for TiProxy nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_groups--tiproxy_setting))

<a id="nestedatt--node_groups--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_groups.endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `connection_type` (String)
- `host` (String)
- `port` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--node_groups--public_endpoint_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_groups.public_endpoint_setting`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether public endpoint is enabled.
- `ip_access_list` (List of Object) IP access list for the public endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_groups--public_endpoint_setting--ip_access_list))

<a id="nestedatt--node_groups--public_endpoint_setting--ip_access_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_groups.public_endpoint_setting.ip_access_list`

Read-Only:

- `cidr_notation` (String)
- `description` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--node_groups--tiproxy_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_groups.tiproxy_setting`

Read-Only:

- `node_count` (Number) The number of TiProxy nodes.
- `node_spec_display_name` (String) The display name of the node spec.
- `node_spec_key` (String) The key of the node spec.
- `node_spec_version` (String) The node specification version.
