---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tidbcloud_dedicated_clusters Data Source - terraform-provider-tidbcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  dedicated clusters data source
---

# tidbcloud_dedicated_clusters (Data Source)

dedicated clusters data source

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "tidbcloud_dedicated_clusters" "example" {
}

output "output" {
  value = data.tidbcloud_dedicated_clusters.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project.

### Read-Only

- `clusters` (Attributes List) The clusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters))

<a id="nestedatt--clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) A map of annotations for the cluster.
- `cloud_provider` (String) The cloud provider on which your cluster is hosted.
- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the cluster.
- `create_time` (String) The creation time of the cluster.
- `created_by` (String) The creator of the cluster.
- `display_name` (String) The name of the cluster.
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of labels assigned to the cluster.
- `pause_plan` (Attributes) Pause plan details for the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters--pause_plan))
- `port` (Number) The port used for accessing the cluster.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project.
- `region_display_name` (String) The display name of the region.
- `region_id` (String) The region where the cluster is deployed.
- `state` (String) The current state of the cluster.
- `tidb_node_setting` (Attributes) Settings for TiDB nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters--tidb_node_setting))
- `tiflash_node_setting` (Attributes) Settings for TiFlash nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters--tiflash_node_setting))
- `tikv_node_setting` (Attributes) Settings for TiKV nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters--tikv_node_setting))
- `update_time` (String) The last update time of the cluster.
- `version` (String) The version of the cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--clusters--pause_plan"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters.pause_plan`

Read-Only:

- `pause_type` (String) The type of pause.
- `scheduled_resume_time` (String) The scheduled time for resuming the cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--clusters--tidb_node_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters.tidb_node_setting`

Read-Only:

- `endpoints` (Attributes List) The endpoints of the node group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters--tidb_node_setting--endpoints))
- `is_default_group` (Boolean) Indicates if this is the default group.
- `node_count` (Number) The number of nodes in the default node group.
- `node_group_display_name` (String) The display name of the default node group.
- `node_group_id` (String) The ID of the default node group.
- `node_spec_display_name` (String) The display name of the node spec.
- `node_spec_key` (String) The key of the node spec.
- `public_endpoint_setting` (Attributes) Settings for public endpoints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters--tidb_node_setting--public_endpoint_setting))
- `state` (String) The state of the node group.
- `tiproxy_setting` (Attributes) Settings for TiProxy nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters--tidb_node_setting--tiproxy_setting))

<a id="nestedatt--clusters--tidb_node_setting--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters.tidb_node_setting.endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `connection_type` (String) The connection type of the endpoint.
- `host` (String) The host of the endpoint.
- `port` (Number) The port of the endpoint.


<a id="nestedatt--clusters--tidb_node_setting--public_endpoint_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters.tidb_node_setting.public_endpoint_setting`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether public endpoints are enabled.
- `ip_access_list` (List of Object) IP access list for the public endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters--tidb_node_setting--public_endpoint_setting--ip_access_list))

<a id="nestedatt--clusters--tidb_node_setting--public_endpoint_setting--ip_access_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters.tidb_node_setting.public_endpoint_setting.ip_access_list`

Read-Only:

- `cidr_notation` (String)
- `description` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--clusters--tidb_node_setting--tiproxy_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters.tidb_node_setting.tiproxy_setting`

Read-Only:

- `node_count` (Number) The number of TiProxy nodes.
- `type` (String) The type of TiProxy nodes.- SMALL: Low performance instance with 2 vCPUs and 4 GiB memory. Max QPS: 30, Max Data Traffic: 90 MiB/s.- LARGE: High performance instance with 8 vCPUs and 16 GiB memory. Max QPS: 100, Max Data Traffic: 300 MiB/s.



<a id="nestedatt--clusters--tiflash_node_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters.tiflash_node_setting`

Read-Only:

- `node_count` (Number) The number of nodes in the cluster.
- `node_spec_display_name` (String) The display name of the node spec.
- `node_spec_key` (String) The node specification key.
- `raft_store_iops` (Number) The IOPS of raft store
- `storage_size_gi` (Number) The storage size in GiB.
- `storage_type` (String) The storage type.


<a id="nestedatt--clusters--tikv_node_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters.tikv_node_setting`

Read-Only:

- `node_count` (Number) The number of nodes in the cluster.
- `node_spec_display_name` (String) The display name of the node spec.
- `node_spec_key` (String) The node specification key.
- `raft_store_iops` (Number) The IOPS of raft store
- `storage_size_gi` (Number) The storage size in GiB.
- `storage_type` (String) The storage type.
