---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tidbcloud_members Data Source - terraform-provider-tidbcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  members data source lists all members of the organization.
---

# tidbcloud_members (Data Source)

members data source lists all members of the organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "tidbcloud_members" "example" {
}

output "output" {
  value = data.tidbcloud_members.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `members` (Attributes List) The members of the organization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--members))

<a id="nestedatt--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `members`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) The email address of the member.
- `first_name` (String) The first name of the member.
- `instance_roles` (Attributes List) The instance-level roles assigned to the member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--members--instance_roles))
- `invite_time` (String) The timestamp when the member was invited, in ISO 8601 format.
- `last_login_time` (String) The timestamp when the member last logged in, in ISO 8601 format.
- `last_name` (String) The last name of the member.
- `org_role` (String) The organization-level role assigned to the member.
- `project_roles` (Attributes List) The project-level roles assigned to the member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--members--project_roles))
- `status` (String) The current status of the member.
- `user_id` (String) The ID of the member.

<a id="nestedatt--members--instance_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `members.instance_roles`

Read-Only:

- `rbac_role` (String) The RBAC role assigned.
- `scope_id` (String) The ID of the project or instance to which the role applies.


<a id="nestedatt--members--project_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `members.project_roles`

Read-Only:

- `rbac_role` (String) The RBAC role assigned.
- `scope_id` (String) The ID of the project or instance to which the role applies.
