---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tidbcloud_restores Data Source - terraform-provider-tidbcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  restores data source
---

# tidbcloud_restores (Data Source)

restores data source

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    tidbcloud = {
      source = "tidbcloud/tidbcloud"
    }
  }
}

provider "tidbcloud" {
  public_key  = "fake_public_key"
  private_key = "fake_private_key"
}

data "tidbcloud_restores" "example" {
  project_id = "fake_id"
}

output "output" {
  value = data.tidbcloud_restores.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project. You can get the project ID from [tidbcloud_projects datasource](../data-sources/projects.md).

### Optional

- `page` (Number) Default:1 The number of pages.
- `page_size` (Number) Default:10 The size of a pages.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) data source ID.
- `items` (Attributes List) Default:10 The size of a pages. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `total` (Number) The total number of restore tasks in the project.

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `backup_id` (String) The ID of the backup.
- `cluster` (Attributes) The information of the restored cluster. The restored cluster is the new cluster your backup data is restored to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--cluster))
- `cluster_id` (String) The cluster ID of the backup.
- `create_timestamp` (String) The creation time of the backup in UTC.The time format follows the ISO8601 standard, which is YYYY-MM-DD (year-month-day) + T +HH:MM:SS (hour-minutes-seconds) + Z. For example, 2020-01-01T00:00:00Z.
- `error_message` (String) The error message of restore if failed.
- `id` (String) The ID of the restore task.
- `status` (String) Enum: "PENDING" "RUNNING" "FAILED" "SUCCESS", The status of the restore task.

<a id="nestedatt--items--cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.cluster`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the restored cluster. The restored cluster is the new cluster your backup data is restored to.
- `name` (String) The name of the restored cluster. The restored cluster is the new cluster your backup data is restored to.
- `status` (String) The status of the restored cluster. Possible values are "AVAILABLE", "CREATING", "MODIFYING", "PAUSED", "RESUMING", and "CLEARED".


