---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tidbcloud_serverless_exports Data Source - terraform-provider-tidbcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  serverless exports data source
---

# tidbcloud_serverless_exports (Data Source)

serverless exports data source

## Example Usage

```terraform
variable "cluster_id" {
  type     = string
  nullable = false
}

data "tidbcloud_serverless_exports" "example" {
  cluster_id = var.cluster_id
}

output "output" {
  value = data.tidbcloud_serverless_exports.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the cluster.

### Read-Only

- `exports` (Attributes List) The exports of the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exports))

<a id="nestedatt--exports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exports`

Read-Only:

- `complete_time` (String) Timestamp when the export was completed.
- `create_time` (String) Timestamp when the export was created.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the export.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the export.
- `expire_time` (String) Expire time of the export.
- `export_id` (String) The unique ID of the export.
- `export_options` (Attributes) The options of the export. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exports--export_options))
- `reason` (String) The failed reason of the export.
- `snapshot_time` (String) Snapshot time of the export.
- `state` (String) The state of the export.
- `target` (Attributes) The target type of the export. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exports--target))
- `update_time` (String) Timestamp when the export was updated.

<a id="nestedatt--exports--export_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exports.export_options`

Read-Only:

- `compression` (String) The compression of the export.
- `csv_format` (Attributes) The format of the csv. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exports--export_options--csv_format))
- `file_type` (String) The exported file type. Available values are SQL, CSV and Parquet. Default is CSV.
- `filter` (Attributes) The filter of the export. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exports--export_options--filter))
- `parquet_format` (Attributes) The format of the parquet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exports--export_options--parquet_format))

<a id="nestedatt--exports--export_options--csv_format"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exports.export_options.csv_format`

Read-Only:

- `delimiter` (String) Delimiter of string type variables in CSV files.
- `null_value` (String) Representation of null values in CSV files.
- `separator` (String) Separator of each value in CSV files.
- `skip_header` (Boolean) Export CSV files of the tables without header.


<a id="nestedatt--exports--export_options--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exports.export_options.filter`

Read-Only:

- `sql` (String) Use SQL to filter the export.
- `table` (Attributes) Use table-filter to filter the export. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exports--export_options--filter--table))

<a id="nestedatt--exports--export_options--filter--table"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exports.export_options.filter.table`

Read-Only:

- `patterns` (List of String) The table-filter expressions.
- `where` (String) Export only selected records.



<a id="nestedatt--exports--export_options--parquet_format"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exports.export_options.parquet_format`

Read-Only:

- `compression` (String) The compression of the parquet.



<a id="nestedatt--exports--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exports.target`

Read-Only:

- `azure_blob` (Attributes) Azure Blob target. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exports--target--azure_blob))
- `gcs` (Attributes) GCS target. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exports--target--gcs))
- `s3` (Attributes) S3 target. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exports--target--s3))
- `type` (String) The exported target type.

<a id="nestedatt--exports--target--azure_blob"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exports.target.azure_blob`

Read-Only:

- `auth_type` (String) The auth method of the export target.
- `uri` (String) The Azure Blob URI of the export target.


<a id="nestedatt--exports--target--gcs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exports.target.gcs`

Read-Only:

- `auth_type` (String) The auth method of the export target.
- `uri` (String) The GCS URI of the export target.


<a id="nestedatt--exports--target--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exports.target.s3`

Read-Only:

- `access_key` (Attributes) The access key of the S3. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exports--target--s3--access_key))
- `auth_type` (String) The auth method of the export S3.
- `uri` (String) The URI of the S3 folder.

<a id="nestedatt--exports--target--s3--access_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exports.target.s3.access_key`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The access key ID of the S3.
