---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tidbcloud_serverless_branches Data Source - terraform-provider-tidbcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  serverless branches data source
---

# tidbcloud_serverless_branches (Data Source)

serverless branches data source

## Example Usage

```terraform
variable "cluster_id" {
  type     = string
  nullable = false
}

data "tidbcloud_serverless_branches" "example" {
  cluster_id = var.cluster_id
}

output "output" {
  value = data.tidbcloud_serverless_branches.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the cluster.

### Read-Only

- `branches` (Attributes List) The branches of the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--branches))

<a id="nestedatt--branches"></a>
### Nested Schema for `branches`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) The annotations of the cluster.
- `branch_id` (String) The ID of the branch.
- `create_time` (String) The time the cluster was created.
- `created_by` (String) The email of the creator of the cluster.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the cluster.
- `endpoints` (Attributes) The endpoints for connecting to the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--branches--endpoints))
- `parent_display_name` (String) The display name of the parent.
- `parent_id` (String) The parent ID of the branch.
- `parent_timestamp` (String) The timestamp of the parent. (RFC3339 format, e.g., 2024-01-01T00:00:00Z)
- `state` (String) The state of the branch.
- `update_time` (String) The time the branch was last updated.
- `user_prefix` (String) The unique prefix in SQL user name.

<a id="nestedatt--branches--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `branches.endpoints`

Optional:

- `public_endpoint` (Attributes) The public endpoint for connecting to the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--branches--endpoints--public_endpoint))

Read-Only:

- `private_endpoint` (Attributes) The private endpoint for connecting to the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--branches--endpoints--private_endpoint))

<a id="nestedatt--branches--endpoints--public_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `branches.endpoints.public_endpoint`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether the public endpoint is disabled.

Read-Only:

- `host` (String) The host of the public endpoint.
- `port` (Number) The port of the public endpoint.


<a id="nestedatt--branches--endpoints--private_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `branches.endpoints.private_endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `aws_endpoint` (Attributes) Message for AWS PrivateLink information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--branches--endpoints--private_endpoint--aws_endpoint))
- `gcp_endpoint` (Attributes) Message for GCP PrivateLink information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--branches--endpoints--private_endpoint--gcp_endpoint))
- `host` (String) The host of the private endpoint.
- `port` (Number) The port of the private endpoint.

<a id="nestedatt--branches--endpoints--private_endpoint--aws_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `branches.endpoints.private_endpoint.aws_endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `availability_zone` (List of String) The availability zones that the service is available in.
- `service_name` (String) The AWS service name for private access.


<a id="nestedatt--branches--endpoints--private_endpoint--gcp_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `branches.endpoints.private_endpoint.gcp_endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `service_attachment_name` (String) The target GCP service attachment name for private access.
