---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tidbcloud_serverless_clusters Data Source - terraform-provider-tidbcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  serverless clusters data source
---

# tidbcloud_serverless_clusters (Data Source)

serverless clusters data source

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "tidbcloud_serverless_clusters" "example" {
}

output "output" {
  value = data.tidbcloud_serverless_clusters.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project that the clusters belong to.

### Read-Only

- `clusters` (Attributes List) The clusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters))

<a id="nestedatt--clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) The annotations of the cluster.
- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the cluster.
- `create_time` (String) The time the cluster was created.
- `created_by` (String) The email of the creator of the cluster.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the cluster.
- `encryption_config` (Attributes) The encryption settings for the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters--encryption_config))
- `endpoints` (Attributes) The endpoints for connecting to the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters--endpoints))
- `labels` (Map of String) The labels of the cluster.
- `region` (Attributes) The region of the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters--region))
- `state` (String) The state of the cluster.
- `update_time` (String) The time the cluster was last updated.
- `user_prefix` (String) The unique prefix in SQL user name.
- `version` (String) The version of the cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--clusters--encryption_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters.encryption_config`

Read-Only:

- `enhanced_encryption_enabled` (Boolean) Whether enhanced encryption is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--clusters--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters.endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `private_endpoint` (Attributes) The private endpoint for connecting to the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters--endpoints--private_endpoint))
- `public_endpoint` (Attributes) The public endpoint for connecting to the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters--endpoints--public_endpoint))

<a id="nestedatt--clusters--endpoints--private_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters.endpoints.private_endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `aws_endpoint` (Attributes) Message for AWS PrivateLink information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters--endpoints--private_endpoint--aws_endpoint))
- `host` (String) The host of the private endpoint.
- `port` (Number) The port of the private endpoint.

<a id="nestedatt--clusters--endpoints--private_endpoint--aws_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters.endpoints.private_endpoint.aws_endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `availability_zone` (List of String) The availability zones that the service is available in.
- `service_name` (String) The AWS service name for private access.



<a id="nestedatt--clusters--endpoints--public_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters.endpoints.public_endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether the public endpoint is disabled.
- `host` (String) The host of the public endpoint.
- `port` (Number) The port of the public endpoint.



<a id="nestedatt--clusters--region"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters.region`

Read-Only:

- `cloud_provider` (String) The cloud provider of the region.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the region.
- `name` (String) The unique name of the region.
- `region_id` (String) The ID of the region.
