---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tidbcloud_dedicated_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-tidbcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  dedicated cluster resource
---

# tidbcloud_dedicated_cluster (Resource)

dedicated cluster resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
variable "display_name" {
  type     = string
  nullable = false
}

variable "region_id" {
  type     = string
  nullable = false
}

variable "root_password" {
  type     = string
  nullable = false
}

resource "tidbcloud_dedicated_cluster" "example" {
  display_name  = var.display_name
  region_id     = var.region_id
  port          = 4000
  root_password = var.root_password
  tidb_node_setting = {
    node_spec_key = "2C4G"
    node_count    = 1
  }
  tikv_node_setting = {
    node_spec_key   = "2C4G"
    node_count      = 3
    storage_size_gi = 10
    storage_type    = "Basic"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The name of the cluster.
- `region_id` (String) The region where the cluster is deployed.
- `tidb_node_setting` (Attributes) Settings for TiDB nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tidb_node_setting))
- `tikv_node_setting` (Attributes) Settings for TiKV nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tikv_node_setting))

### Optional

- `paused` (Boolean) Whether the cluster is paused.
- `port` (Number) The port used for accessing the cluster.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project. When not provided, the default project will be used.
- `root_password` (String, Sensitive) The root password to access the cluster.
- `tiflash_node_setting` (Attributes) Settings for TiFlash nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tiflash_node_setting))

### Read-Only

- `annotations` (Map of String) A map of annotations for the cluster.
- `cloud_provider` (String) The cloud provider on which your cluster is hosted.
- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the cluster.
- `create_time` (String) The creation time of the cluster.
- `created_by` (String) The creator of the cluster.
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of labels assigned to the cluster.
- `pause_plan` (Attributes) Pause plan details for the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pause_plan))
- `region_display_name` (String) The display name of the region.
- `state` (String) The current state of the cluster.
- `update_time` (String) The last update time of the cluster.
- `version` (String) The version of the cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--tidb_node_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tidb_node_setting`

Required:

- `node_count` (Number) The number of nodes in the default node group.
- `node_spec_key` (String) The key of the node spec.

Optional:

- `public_endpoint_setting` (Attributes) Settings for public endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tidb_node_setting--public_endpoint_setting))
- `tiproxy_setting` (Attributes) Settings for TiProxy nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tidb_node_setting--tiproxy_setting))

Read-Only:

- `endpoints` (List of Object) The endpoints of the node group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tidb_node_setting--endpoints))
- `is_default_group` (Boolean) Indicates if this is the default group.
- `node_group_display_name` (String) The display name of the default node group.
- `node_group_id` (String) The ID of the default node group.
- `node_spec_display_name` (String) The display name of the node spec.
- `state` (String) The state of the node group.

<a id="nestedatt--tidb_node_setting--public_endpoint_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tidb_node_setting.public_endpoint_setting`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether public endpoint is enabled.
- `ip_access_list` (List of Object) IP access list for the public endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tidb_node_setting--public_endpoint_setting--ip_access_list))

<a id="nestedatt--tidb_node_setting--public_endpoint_setting--ip_access_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tidb_node_setting.public_endpoint_setting.ip_access_list`

Required:

- `cidr_notation` (String)
- `description` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--tidb_node_setting--tiproxy_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tidb_node_setting.tiproxy_setting`

Required:

- `node_count` (Number) The number of TiProxy nodes.
- `node_spec_key` (String) The key of the node spec.

Read-Only:

- `node_spec_display_name` (String) The display name of the node spec.
- `node_spec_version` (String) The node specification version.


<a id="nestedatt--tidb_node_setting--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tidb_node_setting.endpoints`

Required:

- `connection_type` (String)
- `host` (String)
- `port` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--tikv_node_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tikv_node_setting`

Required:

- `node_count` (Number) The number of nodes in the cluster.
- `node_spec_key` (String) The node specification key.
- `storage_size_gi` (Number) The storage size in GiB.

Optional:

- `raft_store_iops` (Number) The IOPS of raft store
- `storage_type` (String) The storage type.- Basic: Data disk: gp3; Raft log disk: none.- Standard: Data disk: gp3; Raft log disk: gp3.- Performance: Data disk: gp3; Raft log disk: io2.- Plus: Data disk: io2; Raft log disk: none.

Read-Only:

- `node_spec_display_name` (String) The display name of the node spec.


<a id="nestedatt--tiflash_node_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tiflash_node_setting`

Required:

- `node_count` (Number) The number of nodes in the cluster.
- `node_spec_key` (String) The node specification key.
- `storage_size_gi` (Number) The storage size in GiB.

Optional:

- `raft_store_iops` (Number) The IOPS of raft store
- `storage_type` (String) The storage type.- Basic: Data disk: gp3; Raft log disk: none.- Standard: Data disk: gp3; Raft log disk: gp3.- Performance: Data disk: gp3; Raft log disk: io2.- Plus: Data disk: io2; Raft log disk: none.

Read-Only:

- `node_spec_display_name` (String) The display name of the node spec.


<a id="nestedatt--pause_plan"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pause_plan`

Read-Only:

- `pause_type` (String) The type of pause.
- `scheduled_resume_time` (String) The scheduled time for resuming the cluster.
