---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tidbcloud_dedicated_private_endpoint_connection Resource - terraform-provider-tidbcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  dedicated private endpoint connection resource
---

# tidbcloud_dedicated_private_endpoint_connection (Resource)

dedicated private endpoint connection resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
variable "cluster_id" {
  type     = string
  nullable = false
}

variable "node_group_id" {
  type     = string
  nullable = false
}

variable "endpoint_id" {
  type     = string
  nullable = false
}

resource "tidbcloud_dedicated_private_endpoint_connection" "example" {
  cluster_id    = var.cluster_id
  node_group_id = var.node_group_id
  endpoint_id   = var.endpoint_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the cluster.
- `endpoint_id` (String) The endpoint ID of the private link connection.
For AWS, it's VPC endpoint ID.
For GCP, it's private service connect endpoint ID.
For Azure, it's private endpoint resource ID.
- `node_group_id` (String) The ID of the node group.

### Optional

- `private_ip_address` (String) The private IP address of the private endpoint in the user's vNet.TiDB Cloud will setup a public DNS record for this private IP address. So the user can use DNS address to connect to the cluster.Only available for Azure clusters.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Only for GCP private service connections. It's GCP project name.
- `cloud_provider` (String) The cloud provider of the region.
- `cluster_display_name` (String) The display name of the cluster.
- `endpoint_state` (String) The state of the endpoint.
- `host` (String) The host of the private endpoint connection.
- `labels` (Map of String) The labels of the endpoint.
- `message` (String) The message of the endpoint.
- `port` (Number) The port of the private endpoint connection.
- `private_endpoint_connection_id` (String) The ID of the private endpoint connection.
- `private_link_service_name` (String) The name of the private link service.
- `region_display_name` (String) The display name of the region.
- `region_id` (String) The ID of the region.
