---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tidbcloud_serverless_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-tidbcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  serverless cluster resource
---

# tidbcloud_serverless_cluster (Resource)

serverless cluster resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
variable "display_name" {
  type     = string
  nullable = false
}

variable "region_name" {
  type     = string
  nullable = false
}

resource "tidbcloud_serverless_cluster" "example" {
  display_name = var.display_name
  region = {
    name = var.region_name
  }
  lifecycle {
    prevent_destroy = true
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the cluster.
- `region` (Attributes) The region of the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--region))

### Optional

- `automated_backup_policy` (Attributes) The automated backup policy of the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--automated_backup_policy))
- `encryption_config` (Attributes) The encryption settings for the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--encryption_config))
- `endpoints` (Attributes) The endpoints for connecting to the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints))
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project. When not provided, the default project will be used.
- `spending_limit` (Attributes) The spending limit of the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spending_limit))

### Read-Only

- `annotations` (Map of String) The annotations of the cluster.
- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the cluster.
- `create_time` (String) The time the cluster was created.
- `created_by` (String) The email of the creator of the cluster.
- `labels` (Map of String) The labels of the cluster.
- `state` (String) The state of the cluster.
- `update_time` (String) The time the cluster was last updated.
- `usage` (Attributes) The usage of the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--usage))
- `user_prefix` (String) The unique prefix in SQL user name.
- `version` (String) The version of the cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--region"></a>
### Nested Schema for `region`

Required:

- `name` (String) The unique name of the region. The format is `regions/{region-id}`.

Read-Only:

- `cloud_provider` (String) The cloud provider of the region.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the region.
- `region_id` (String) The ID of the region.


<a id="nestedatt--automated_backup_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `automated_backup_policy`

Optional:

- `start_time` (String) The UTC time of day in HH:mm format when the automated backup will start.

Read-Only:

- `retention_days` (Number) The number of days to retain automated backups.


<a id="nestedatt--encryption_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `encryption_config`

Optional:

- `enhanced_encryption_enabled` (Boolean) Whether enhanced encryption is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Optional:

- `public_endpoint` (Attributes) The public endpoint for connecting to the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--public_endpoint))

Read-Only:

- `private_endpoint` (Attributes) The private endpoint for connecting to the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--private_endpoint))

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--public_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.public_endpoint`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether the public endpoint is disabled.

Read-Only:

- `host` (String) The host of the public endpoint.
- `port` (Number) The port of the public endpoint.


<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--private_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.private_endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `aws_endpoint` (Attributes) Message for AWS PrivateLink information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--private_endpoint--aws_endpoint))
- `gcp_endpoint` (Attributes) Message for GCP PrivateLink information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--private_endpoint--gcp_endpoint))
- `host` (String) The host of the private endpoint.
- `port` (Number) The port of the private endpoint.

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--private_endpoint--aws_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.private_endpoint.aws_endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `availability_zone` (List of String) The availability zones that the service is available in.
- `service_name` (String) The AWS service name for private access.


<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--private_endpoint--gcp_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.private_endpoint.gcp_endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `service_attachment_name` (String) The target GCP service attachment name for private access.




<a id="nestedatt--spending_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spending_limit`

Optional:

- `monthly` (Number) Maximum monthly spending limit in USD cents.


<a id="nestedatt--usage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `usage`

Read-Only:

- `columnar_storage` (Number) The columnar storage of the cluster.
- `request_unit` (String) The request unit of the cluster.
- `row_based_storage` (Number) The row-based storage of the cluster.
