---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tidbcloud_serverless_branch Resource - terraform-provider-tidbcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  serverless cluster resource
---

# tidbcloud_serverless_branch (Resource)

serverless cluster resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
variable "cluster_id" {
  type     = string
  nullable = false
}

variable "display_name" {
  type     = string
  nullable = false
}

variable "parent_id" {
  type     = string
  nullable = false
}


resource "tidbcloud_serverless_branch" "example" {
  cluster_id   = var.cluster_id
  display_name = var.display_name
  parent_id    = var.parent_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the cluster.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the cluster.

### Optional

- `parent_id` (String) The parent ID of the branch.
- `parent_timestamp` (String) The timestamp of the parent. (RFC3339 format, e.g., 2024-01-01T00:00:00Z)

### Read-Only

- `annotations` (Map of String) The annotations of the branch.
- `branch_id` (String) The ID of the branch.
- `create_time` (String) The time the branch was created.
- `created_by` (String) The email of the creator of the branch.
- `endpoints` (Attributes) The endpoints for connecting to the branch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints))
- `parent_display_name` (String) The display name of the parent.
- `state` (String) The state of the branch.
- `update_time` (String) The time the branch was last updated.
- `usage` (Attributes) The usage of the branch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--usage))
- `user_prefix` (String) The unique prefix in SQL user name.

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `private` (Attributes) The private endpoint for connecting to the branch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--private))
- `public` (Attributes) The public endpoint for connecting to the branch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--public))

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--private"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.private`

Read-Only:

- `aws` (Attributes) Message for AWS PrivateLink information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--private--aws))
- `host` (String) The host of the private endpoint.
- `port` (Number) The port of the private endpoint.

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--private--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.private.aws`

Read-Only:

- `availability_zone` (List of String) The availability zones that the service is available in.
- `service_name` (String) The AWS service name for private access.



<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--public"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.public`

Read-Only:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether the public endpoint is disabled.
- `host` (String) The host of the public endpoint.
- `port` (Number) The port of the public endpoint.



<a id="nestedatt--usage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `usage`

Read-Only:

- `columnar_storage` (Number) The columnar storage of the branch.
- `request_unit` (String) The request unit of the branch.
- `row_based_storage` (Number) The row-based storage of the branch.
